Fix PHP performance monitoring guides (#4637)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/retrieve-transaction/php.mdx

## Setting and Retrieving the Current Transaction

> In cases where you want to attach spans to an already ongoing transaction you can use `getTransaction()` on the current hub. This property will return a `\Sentry\Tracing\Transaction` in case there is a transaction set otherwise it returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where you want to attach spans to an already ongoing transaction, you can use `getTransaction()` on the current hub. This property will return a `\Sentry\Tracing\Transaction` in cases where there is a transaction set; otherwise, it returns `null`.
```

```php
$transaction = \Sentry\SentrySdk::getCurrentHub()->getTransaction();

if ($transaction !== null) {
    $context = new \Sentry\Tracing\SpanContext();
    $context->setOp('some_operation');
    $span = $transaction->startChild($context);

    // ...

    $span->finish();
}
```

You can also set the current transaction after you started one:

```php
$transactionContext = new \Sentry\Tracing\TransactionContext();
$transactionContext->setName('Example Transaction');
$transactionContext->setOp('http.request');

$transaction = \Sentry\startTransaction($transactionContext);

// A transaction is a span so we set it using `setSpan`
\Sentry\SentrySdk::getCurrentHub()->setSpan($transaction);
```

## Setting and Retrieving the Current Span

> In cases where you want to attach spans to an already ongoing span you can use `getSpan()` on the current hub. This property will return a `\Sentry\Tracing\Span` in case there is a span set otherwise it returns `null`. You can also set the current span after you started one and restore it back to the parent after your span ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where you want to attach spans to an already ongoing span, you can use `getSpan()` on the current hub. This property will return a `\Sentry\Tracing\Span` in cases where there is a span set; otherwise, it returns `null`. You can also set the current span after you started one and restore it back to the parent after your span ends.
```
